Path 3:
Upgrade 1: "Harder shells" increases layers of damage and has a slight bigger blast radius.

Upgrade 2: "Accrate Shell Frags"  Explosions shoot out  5 frags hitting gballoons dealing 3 layers of damage.
The Mortor now shoots more accrately.

3rd upgrade: "Shell Shock" Everytime gballoons get hit they get stunned for 2 seconds.
Towers deal extra damage to stunned gballoons.


4th Upgrade: "Burny Stuff"
The Mortor does extra damage to leads and greys and deals damage to gblimps.
Explosions will now set gballoons and Gblimps on fire dealing medium damage per second.
Frags shot out will now set gblimps/gballoons on fire.
can hurt Blue-Red gblimps.
Fire burns gballoons every 2 seconds

5th Upgrade: "Explosion Hell"
The mortor now has an ability that will shoot multible shots everywhere on the map dealing Extreme damage to any gballoon insite.
explosions will now bypass Black Gballoon fire immunites And Fire spread is increased and explosions now shoot out 15 frags dealing high damage.
Can hurt green gblimps. 
Fire burns gbaloons every 1 second.

6th Upgrade: "BloonCineration"

Explosions now hurt Purple Blimps, have a massive stun hitbox and fire damage is increased by a Ton, 
And explosions from the mortor now remove special properties and immunities on gblimps and any gballoon.
The ability of the 5th upgrade is now upgraded to a stronger version.

Ability: Cooldown is decreased and other mortor towers now have stun and burn damage.
The mortor tower now has a slight chance for critical damage to gblimps.
Fire now burns every milisecond.


Upgrade Passives: 1-0-5 Faster Reload Upgrade increase mortor's fire rate but slows burn damage.

2-0-5 High Impact Shells Allows the mortor to pop black gballoons zebra gblaoons and Monochrome gblimps but deals less damage.

0-1-5 Bigger Shells Increases damage and explosion raidus but makes the mortor slightly miss gballoons more often. 0-2-5 Seeking Shells slightly increases the shells speed and enables the tower to pop hidden gballoons but decreases damage to gblimps and to stunned gballoons.

Cost of the upgrades is up to you.


