Potion Brewer Tower: Costs of upgrades are up to you.


This tower can not see camos and cannot pop purples unless in range of a multipurpose machine.
Attack speed at base: Kinda slow but decent.


Base: Brews Potions dealing one layer of damage but can hit 2 gballoons with one potion throw.

Path 1: 
Upgrade 1: "Faster Brew"
The potion brewer now throws potions faster.

Upgrade 2: "Stronger Potions"
The potions thrown now deal 3 layers of damage

Upgrade 3: "Potion Thrower"
The potion brewer now throws potions much faster and has a slightly bigger hitbox raidius.

Upgrade 4: "Speed Potion"
Grants an ability that allows the potion brewer and any tower in it's range a good speed buff along with giving them lead popping power.

Upgrade 5: "Lightning Potion"
Potions thrown now shock gballoons dealing high damage and the lighting can spread to gballoon to gballoon.
Can't affect Gblimps.

Upgrade 6: "Thunder Bolt"
Ability: Hitting this tower will create a large thunder bolt that strikes a gballoon or gblimp
instant killing them unless its a green blimp.

Upgrade 7: "Gods Storm"
Ability: now creats a storm that shoots multible thunder bolts can destroy purple blimps instantly.
And leaves a white effect on the ground that if a gballoon or gblimp passes will be stunned while dealing
constent damage.
Other thunder bolt upgrades in range will combine with eachother and the gods storm ability will last longer
and be stronger.
Downside: Ability takes a bit longer the more it's combined with other thunder bolts
And will make faster gballoons or faster blimps even more faster.
and deals less damage to faster gblimps or gballoons.


Path 2: 

Upgrade 1: Acidic Mixture Dip.
The potion brewer now longer attacks gballoons but instead buffs towers in range.
Acidic Mixture Dip gives towers in range lead popping power and a slight speed buff for a short time.
Having a Green bubble effect above the tower indicating it is in affect.
Also allows towers to deal 2+ damage to ceramics and gblimp class.

Upgrade 2: "Stronger Brew"
The potion brewer brews potions faster and acidic mixture dip lasts longer. 
Acidic Mixture dip now buffs towers a bit more now.

Upgrade 3: "Berserker Brew"
The potion brewer now buffs towers strength speed and decreases cooldowns.
Lasts longer then acidic mixture dip. But towers still get affected by both buffs.

Upgrade 4: "Stronger Stimulant"

The buffs now last much longer on towers and is much stronger.
Ability cooldowns are now reduced and buying the beserker Brew upgrade makes the multipurpose engine even stronger.
Allows towers to deal damage to Gblimps.

Upgrade 5: "Permanent Brew"
Potion buffs are now permanent and last forever on towers unless the potion brewer is sold or the tower they buffed is sold.
Potions now give towers the ability to deal extra damage to ceramics purples gblimps and error gballoons.


Path 3: 

Upgrade 1: "Acid Pool"

potion brewer now throws red acid on the track dealing damage to gballoons every second.
Can pop leads. Comebine this with glue slowing gballoons down and the acid is much stronger.

Upgrade 2: "Stronger Acid"
Acid pools are now purple and deal much more damage to gballoons and deal extra damage to ceramics and leads.

Upgrade 3: Unstable "Concoction"
Potion brewer now can affect gblimps.
When a gblimp gets covered in the acid the gblimp will explode (AFTER) it is popped and deal extra damage to other gballoons near it.

Upgrade 4: "Transforming Tonic"

Ability: The potion brewer and other potion brewers in range will gain a stronger lazer attack that will do high damage to gblimps and destroy gballoons easily.
Lasts for 15 seconds.

Upgrade 5: "Destruction Beam"

Ability now charges a destruction beam for 7 seconds that will auto target gballoons with a powerful green lazer demoloishing every gblimp and gbloon insite.
Other potion brewers will do the same but their beams will be slightly weaker.


Path 4: 

Upgrade 1: "Perishing Potions"
Potions now deal more group damage and increase Acid pool damage per second.

Upgrade 2: "Lead To Gold"
Potions thrown at leads will now instant kill leads and you gain extra cash from leads.

Upgrade 3: "Rubber To Gold"

potions thrown at most gballoons will be coated in a gold effect or gold look that when popped will give even more extra cash.
can't affect purples.
gballoons covered in gold have a chance to give 300 cash once popped but if gballoons that are covered in gold aren't popped in time you gain less cash from them.

Upgrade 4: "Cash Maker"

potions now affect gblimps when gblimps get popped they give 5000 cash.
Potions that miss will leave a gold effect that if a gballoon passes threw it it will get coated in the gold effect.

Other Cash Makers in range will give you 10k cash every round.

Upgrade 5: "Bloon Master Brewer"

Potions thrown at any gballoon and gblimps up to Blue blimps and red blimps will turn to red gballoons.
Ability: if a potion hits a fast gballoon or a fast gblimp if it makes  contact with other gballoons or other gblimps it will coat them in gold giving 50k cash
but if the gballoon or gblimp gets through your defense it will take away 3x as many lives.



Path 5:

Upgrade 1:

"Healing brews"

every 5 seconds the potion brewer will automatically reheal 5 of your lost lives.

Upgrade 2: "Positive Heals"
Now increases the max amount of lives you can have by 10 every 15 seconds

Upgrade 3: "Abilities of secret Brews"
The potion brewer now resets all abilites in range to be used again 
And makes them deal 2x the damage.

Upgrade 4: "Medic Brew"
Once a gballoon or gblimp leaks and you lose lives all of your towers on the map will have a overclock  timer making them shoot faster deal more damage 
And more range for a few seconds.
But healing lives will be stopped until the effect wears off.

Upgrade 5: "Reset"
if you are on your 5th life or below 
all gballoons and gblimps will be destroyed and you gain 50 more hp.
But doing so will stun your towers for a few seconds.
can only be used once unless you sell the tower and rebuy.


Path 6: 

Upgrade 1:

"Magic Potion"
Allows towers to deal damage to purples and gives towers the ability to set things on fire.

Upgrade 2 "Magic Power"

Towers that shoot or throw things
will now have their attacks turn into bigger more damaging attacks.
Dealing twice as much damage but slightly shoot slower.
Now pushes gballoons slightly back

Upgrade 3: "Portal"

Now has an ability that lets you place a portal anywhere on the map that will teleport the gballoons further back on the map.
But gballoons now gain a slight speed buff.

Upgrade 4 "Blimp Vortex"
Portals now teleport blimps back further on the map and portals can now teleport gballoons and gblimps 3 times before going away.

Upgrade 5: "Black Hole"

New Ability creates a black hole that will suck up gballoons and gblimps and destroy them dealing constent damage.
Can be placed anywhere and be used as a fail safe.


Upgrade 6: "Fail Safe"

Ability will not replace your towers near gballoons or near gblimps if they start to get close to the health wavepoint.
Magic Towers will now deal extreme damage for a short time.


Path 7:

Upgrade 1:

"Stun Magic"

Potions thrown at gballoons will now stun them giving towers more time to attack.

Towers such as orb of cold bishop of glue and other towers that stun will deal extra damage.
Towers that have upgrades that stun will deal extra damage aswell.

Upgrade 2: "Staller"
Potions thrown will not only stun but now will slow gballoons 
Faster gballoons will be stopped in their tracks and can't move until the effect wears off.

Upgrade 3:
"Shield"
Ability: potion brewer now has the ability to place a shield on the map blocking gballoons and gblimps.
gballoons or gblimps that bump into the shield will damage the shield until the shield pops.

Upgrade 4: "Barrier"
The shield will now tank more gballoons and more gblimps.
The shield becomes a barrier that will now shoot lazers if gballoons or gblimps get close dealing high damage.

Upgrade 5: "TankAble"
Barriers now increase damage of other shields/barriers lazer attacks and hp 
Now barriers create 3 clones of them selfs one in the front middle and back.


Upgrade 6: "Bypass"
Barriers now can move towards or back in the track with a lazer wall that will destroy gballoons and gblimps up to green blimps instantly.
Barriers now bypass fire immunites and magic immunites.

Upgrade 7: "Final Frontier"
new Ability: barriers now create generate a green circle shield that will generate in the back.
The more barriers on the map the stronger it is.
The final frontier will shoot a large lazer when the player hits the barrier.
dealing high damage to purple blimps and potentially damaging rainbow blimps.


Path 8:
Upgrade 1: "Double Trouble"

Towers in range will now have a double attack.
in other words bullets blades explosions will now have a double.
So one explosion into 2 explosions per shot and the same with everything else like bullets rainbow beams etc.

Upgrade 2: "Triple Power"
Attacks will do triple damage and will now have a third attack.

Upgrade 3: "Super Charge"
Towers now now do extreme damage every shot.
shoot 5x as fast and now shoot 5 attacks.

Upgrade 4: "Overclock" 
Ability: towers in range will now be overclocked shooting extremely fast 
and gblimps now take more damage.

Upgrade 5: "Ultra Boost"

The ability now gives other abilites less recharge time 3x more damage and is stackable.
Now grants all towers to shoot 10 attacks.

Note: If some of the upgrades here are too hard to code or do feel free to change anything up the way you think fits.
