-- Just copy and paste this once you add a gui or text button where the person can click on it and it will show them
what i said to help them with the mechanics.
But don't copy what i said up here.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi There!

Before you start playing the game i'm gonna be you're guide on some of the basics and knowledge you need to know
Before i get into the simple and main mechanics.


Playing on the rotg maps that were in the description of the addon:

On these maps you don't have to custimize it as it's already prepared for you to play on.

The Front is where the Gballoons will spawn they will follow along the track and make their way to your Health Point.

In the back theres a thing called Health wavepoint which is your "Lives"
Once you reach 0 lives it's game over.

What is a gballoon? Gballoons are enemie Nextbots or Npcs that will follow along the track and try
to deal damage to your lives wavepoint.

Gballoons range from Red gballoons to Blimps.
When a gballoon gets hit they will pop and you gain cash per layers popped.
So lets say a green gballoon 2 hits will bring it down to a red until it's popped completely.
Same for the other gballoons.
Some "Towers" Have Upgrades that deals layers of damage.
So a Tower that shoots once but deals "2" layers of damage will turn a green gballoon into a red gballoon in one shot.

What is a tower? "Towers" Are "Units" that you can place down on the ledges/plateform that will attack
gballoons and defend your base.

Towers range from Basic towers that shoot and pop gballoons to Rainbow Beams of death.

If towers are on the edge of the platform they will be in the "illegal zone" Where they can't attack.

But if they are placed in the middle or not too close to the edge then it will be in the "Legal Zone" Where it will
keep attacking.

Towers have "range" a bubble if a gballoon goes inside of it or near it the gballoons will be attacked or shot at.


Now lets talk about Upgrades.

Go near a tower and hover your mouse on it and press ("E")

A Upgrade Tree will pop up and some towers have "Upgrade Paths" that range from 2-8

Upgrade paths have a certain number of upgrades. Upgrade Paths amount of upgrades can range from 1-15

Most towers have atleast 5 tier upgrades or more.

To upgrade the tower just click on a upgrade on whichever path as long as you have enough cash.

To earn cash you need to place towers that will attack gballoons.

You will earn 1 cash per layers popped and get bonus cash at the end of each round.

The higher the wave the harder it gets.

"Blimps" Are bigger gballoons that can tank much more damage.
You need a tower that can handle blimps in order to destroy them otherwise if they get past your defenses
You will lose the game.


If gballoons don't have a navmesh to follow or a  health wave point they will go after the closet players and 
attack you. But you don't have to worry about that on the rotgb Maps.


Mechanics:

To place towers hold Q and go to the "NPCS" Section.

Then choose a tower of your choice.

Make sure to place it on the plateform/ledges. Placing them on ground won't work on the rotgb maps.

Now hold Q again and go to the "Weapons" Section.
Here there will be a thing called Rotgb
click on it then you will have 2 "Weapons"

Rotgb game swep. To use it right click then you can place a tower and move around. You can give others cash as long as
shared cash is off.

The Balloon Shooter is a "Tower" or gun
You can shoot gballoons and act as a tower yourself
To upgrade it right click and a Upgrade tree will pop up. 

The button in the front called "Start" "Fast Forward" and "Auto Start"

Start button will start the round. You have the choice to spam the start button and can skip rounds but i don't recommend
it because it will cause lag if you spam too much and it might cost you to lose the game.

Fast Forward button will fast forward the game for you and others and will make the game faster
so it's not so slow anymore. This for some reason decreases lag so i don't suggest it unless you
have a good Computer.

Auto Start button will make it so the rounds will start by themselves without you having to do it
mannually.


And if you want to know what gballoon immunites are then Hold Q and go to 
"Rotgb Miscellaneous" Here you can find the Rotg Guide Book.

But if you already beaten a round and no gballoons are coming then you turn auto start on
You have to start the round then it will start to auto play rounds.
This is the end of the tutorial have fun and go pop some GBALLOONS!

To Piengineer:

You can make a tutorial button or you could make it a swep thing that you spawn in just like
the bestiary/guide book but i don't think it should be like that.

it should be a gui button.

And if you want you can put this information into sections
for more organization.

And then you can add to it.  :)